fix: [Angular] fix logic used for parsing objects provided as input to useObjectWrapper (#1490)
BuilderIO/mitosis: .changeset/perfect-seas-bow.md

---

> '@builder.io/mitosis': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@builder.io/mitosis': patch
```

---

> fix logic responsible for parsing object provided to useObjectWrapper angular method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular: Fix: `useObjectWrapper` logic to correctly handle spread and objects as arguments
```
